Media maker here this is my first
attempt at ripening green tomatoes we
had had a couple small frost I'd cover
the tomatoes up and every time the frost
came then uncover them the next day we
had a major frost coming and then the
temperatures were supposed to stay as
low so I knew the production of the
tomatoes were going to be almost at a
standstill so I made a decision to go
ahead and pull these Tomatoes there's a
lot more than you see here that I pulled
but these are three sets of tomatoes and
in different boxes and I'll show you
each set first on November 6th and then
on November 16th they went in the Box
the last day of October to begin with so
they've been in there for about a week
what I read online and watched online
was the standard way of ripening a green
tomato would just be wrapping in a loose
envelope open at the top of newspaper
and let them ripen in the box preferably
around 50 to 60 degree mark
if you just want to let them ripen
slowly these were anywhere between 60
and 65 degrees
I left them open supposedly you can
close the box to concentrate the
ethylene gas to put a piece of Apple in
with them ripening banana and that's
supposed to speed up the process I
wasn't interested in speeding up the
process so I just let it go as it was
this final set here are Tummie to
Tomatoes
and I didn't want to wrap each one in
newspaper so I looked around and I had
some egg cartons and I placed one an egg
carton it seemed like a great fit so I
went ahead and put them in the egg
cartons I did closed these up so they
did ripen a little faster than the other
tomatoes what I found was that the
tomatoes that ripened in the box the
large ones in the open box weren't
nearly as tasty they were more bland
than the ones that ripened on the vine
and the ones here the tummy ties that I
enclosed in the Box closed the lids they
seemed to be somewhat acidic compared to
the ones they weren't as sweet it seemed
acidic so you can get you know you can
ripen your Tomatoes they to my opinion
it
doesn't taste as good as the ones that
ripen on the vine so may disagree but
that's what I've found so thanks for
watching